#summary Reporting for work status on daily basis
#labels Phase-Implementation

= Introduction =

This wiki provides a log of all developer activities. As the team is "distributed" team members are required to update their status regularly

= 20 Apr 2012 =
Krasi:
  * create initial skeleton page for course information
  * put the course information items in wiki
  
= 22 Apr 2012 =
Staskata:
	* Registration form - required validators with custom messages are added. 
	* Link to register page is added on top right corner in UI.

= 23 Apr 2012 =
Krasi:
  * created the model for courses - when executing the DDLs there are some strange messages with the index names...need to investigate it...however tables are created successfully
Staskata:
  * Registration form - custom email validator implemented - regex and uniqueness validation
  * No time left for DDL and cyrillic issue with DB

= 25 Apr 2012 =
Staskata:
  * Registration form - Custom validator for confirm password UI component added. 
  * Registration status page added. 
  * TODO - Look how to preserve view state when some validation fails.

= 26 Apr 2012 =
Staskata:
  * DDL & DML SQL scripts are corrected for suces DB.
  * Two cmd scripts are added for creating suces DB.
  * registration form - UI components are ordered in table.

= 28 Apr 2012 =
Staskata:
  * Scrum mastering - clean obsolete issues, create Release Plan, Knowledge Base wikis, assign issues to owners
  * Login and registration work with password digests
  * issue 6 done
  * Start research for unit testing and mocking approaches
  
= 29 Apr 2012 =
Staskata:
  * issue 29 done
  * Scrum mastering - create issues for implementing unit tests for all done user stories.

=30 Apr 2012 =
Krasi:
  * implement course preview view
  * started admin view for courses

= 1 May 2012 =  
Staskata:
  * DevCheatSheet wiki updated - Mvn command properties added for skipping unit tests.
  
= 2 May 2012 =  
Staskata:
  * issue 32 done

= 3 May 2012 =
Krasi:
  * Fix feedback form after applied refactoring to the entities
  * recreated the local dev DB. Scripts are OK. Still have the problem with Cyrilic letters
  * I'll prepare DML scripts for the rest of the tables for the next time

= 4 May 2012 =
Krasi:
  * Implement course admin view - need to make some improvements tomorrow

= 5 May 2012 =
Staskata:
  * SessionBean - Checking for user roles implemented
  * Unit test retrieving course by id in CoursePerristence class
Krasi:
  * updated DML scripts with data for courses
  * implemented course administration view
  * started making navigation to feedback form - I'll finish it tomorrow
  
= 6 May 2012 =
Staskata
  * Scrum mastering - added definition of done and capacity definition, review iteration issues
  * help to Krasi for issue 36

Krasi:
  * finished admin view issue 26
  * made connection from course to feedbackForm
  * fix issue 36 (thanks to Staskata for the help)
  * completed user story 5 -> issue 5
  
= 18 May 2012 =
Staskata
  * Data model changes - course name, course overall assessment added.
  * Changing encoding in MySQL server & DB.
  * Course profile page works with a course name.
  * NOTE: Execute DML script through MySQL workbench or other client (not through command prompt)

= 20 May 2012 =
Krasi
  * Updated new DB model
  * created course search page view
  * made link between selected course and the preview page for it
  
= 21 May 2012 =
Staskata
  * DB model updated - course rating properties added
  * NOTE: Dev DB should be recreated
  * NOTE: Cannot commit DB model because Google Code reject it. Try to commit it later.
  * Rating functionality implemented in course profile page (course.xhtml)
  
= 24 May 2012 =
Staskata
  * issue 30: Navigation implemented
  * issue 8: Course rating start reimplementing - particular user can change or cancel their course rating

Krasi
  * issue 18: fix problems with lecturer information

= 25 May 2012 =
Staskata  
  * issue 8: done
  * NOTE: Recreate dev DB
Krasi
  * issue 18: user story implemented
  * update DML with two additional lecturer names